LAST TIME
ON YU-GI-OH! GX...
ALL RIGHT, KAGEMARU,
GET YOUR GAME ON.
I SACRIFICE
MY THREE TRAP CARDS
TO SUMMON THE FIRST
SACRED BEAST--
URIA, LORD
OF SEARING FLAMES.
NOW I SACRIFICE
THESE THREE SPELL CARDS
TO SUMMON
THE SECOND SACRED BEAST--
HAMON, LORD
OF STRIKING THUNDER.
ONCE THIS SHADOW GAME ENDS
AND YOU LAY DEFEATED,
I WILL HAVE THE POWER
TO BECOME
THE NEW MASTER
OF THE SACRED BEASTS,
GIVING ME ENOUGH STRENGTH
TO RULE THE WORLD.
ALLOW ME TO DEMONSTRATE
A MERE FRACTION OF THEIR POWER.
[ROARING]
AH!
I LIKE THIS NEW BODY,
BUT SOMETHING'S
STILL MISSING.
AH.
I KNOW.
IT'S YOUR SOUL, JADEN.
NOW LET'S FINISH
THIS DUEL.
AH...
♪ WE'RE CHILLIN' OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME DAYS YOU'VE
GOT TO LEARN HIPNESS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX,
GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH!
YU-GO-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
STARING DOWN
TWO SACRED BEASTS
WITHOUT ONE MONSTER
ON MY FIELD?
NOT GOOD.
DAUNTING, ISN'T IT?
FEAR NOT.
MY SACRED BEASTS WILL
END THIS FOR YOU SOON.
WE'LL JUST SEE.
MY TURN.
AND I SUMMON
A DUELIST'S BEST FRIEND.
GO, WROUGHTWEILER!
GOOD BOY.
JUST HEEL FOR NOW.
NEXT I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN.
HA HA HA! A FACEDOWN
AND A DUEL DOGGIE?
THAT'S YOUR BIG MOVE?
THAT'S HOW YOU PLAN
TO STOP MY TWO SACRED BEASTS?
PLEASE, DON'T INSULT THEM.
AFTER ALL, IT'S THESE MONSTERS
THAT WILL SOON EMPOWER ME
TO RULE THE WORLD.
AH...
NOW, THEN, WHERE WERE WE?
AH, YES, DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF MY FIELD SPELL,
FALLEN PARADISE,
ONCE PER TURN I AM ALLOWED
TO ADD TWO CARDS
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND.
AND NEXT I'M GOING TO
WAGE AN ATTACK WITH HAMON,
LORD OF STRIKING THUNDER.
GO, CERULEAN SKYFIRE!
AND NOW I'LL ACTIVATE
HAMON'S EFFECT.
YOU SEE, WHEN HE
DESTROYS YOUR MONSTER,
HE ALSO DEALS
1,000 DAMAGE POINTS...
STRAIGHT TO YOU, JADEN.
HANG ON, JAY!
AAH!
UH!
WHOA! UH!
NICE SPECIAL EFFECTS.
BUT I'VE GOT ONE, TOO--
MY WROUGHTWEILER!
IT ACTIVATES WHEN HE'S
SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD.
NOW I CAN ADD
ONE ELEMENTAL HERO
AND ONE POLYMERIZATION
FROM MY GRAVE
TO MY HAND,
AND THE HERO I'M PICKING
IS BUBBLEMAN!
HA! TOO BAD YOU WON'T EVER GET
THE CHANCE TO SUMMON HIM.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT
THAT, KAGEMARU.
NOW FINISH
YOUR TURN.
FINE, BUT IT'S NOT
JUST MY TURN
THAT'S ABOUT
TO BE FINISHED.
IT'S YOU
AS WELL, JADEN.
ATTACK, URIA!
HYPER BLAZE!
IT'S ALL OVER!
WE'RE DONE FOR!
JADEN, NO!
NOT SO FAST, KAGEMARU.
I PLAY MY SPELL CARD--
FLUTE OF SUMMONING
KURIBOH.
IT LETS ME SUMMON
WINGED KURIBOH
FROM MY DECK.
AAH!
PURE LUCK.
NAH. THAT'S
PURE KURIBOH.
HMM?
WHAT'S THIS?
IT'S BANNER'S CARD,
THE ONE THAT WAS
IN THAT BOOK OF HIS.
HMM...
AND I GOT A HUNCH THAT
HE WANTED ME TO HAVE IT
SO THAT I COULD
BEAT YOU.
YOU GIVE HIM
TOO MUCH CREDIT.
HE WAS A DULLARD,
A SIMPLE PAWN I USED...
LIKE YOU ARE.
YOU WISH!
OH, BUT IT'S
SO TRUE, JADEN.
YOUR SOUL--
ONCE I WIN IT,
MY REIGN'S ASSURED.
YEAH, AND THAT'S WHY
YOU WON'T WIN IT!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO BUBBLEMAN!
YAH!
AND IF BUBBLEMAN'S
ALL ALONE
WHEN I SUMMON HIM
OUT ON MY FIELD,
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS.
AND NOW I'LL PLAY
ONE OF THEM--
THE SPELL CARD
METAMORPHOSIS!
NOW I CAN SACRIFICE
MY BUBBLEMAN
TO SUMMON UP
A FUSION MONSTER
THAT'S THE SAME
LEVEL AS HE IS,
SUCH AS ELEMENTAL
HERO NEO BUBBLEMAN!
HUH! YOU'VE JUST SACRIFICED
ONE WEAKLING FOR ANOTHER.
OH, YEAH? GUESS
IT'S A GOOD THING
I HAVE THIS, THEN--
BUBBLE BLASTER!
NOW GO, NEO BUBBLE MAN!
ATTACK!
BUBBLE SLAMMING STREAM!
YOU THINK THAT LITTLE
WATER GUN MAKES A DIFFERENCE?
HAMON, STRIKE BACK.
HAMON! HE'S BEEN DESTROYED!
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT.
IT'S NEO BUBBLEMAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
WHEN HE BATTLES
WITH A MONSTER,
THAT MONSTER
IS DESTROYED.
BUT HE WAS STRONGER,
SO YOU SHOULD STILL
TAKE DAMAGE.
SHOULD'VE, WOULD'VE,
COULD'VE.
SORRY, BUT BY JUST DESTROYING
BUBBLE BLASTER,
ALL DAMAGE YOU WOULD HAVE DONE
BECOMES ZERO.
NICE MOVE.
WHAT'S WHAT I
WOULD HAVE DONE.
YEAH! WAY
TO PLAY, JAY!
NEXT, I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
YOUR LAST TURN.
FIRST, DUE TO FALLEN
PARADISE, I GET TO ADD
TWO MORE CARDS
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND,
AND NOW, URIA,
FINISH HIM
WITH HYPER BLAZE!
DO YOUR STUFF!
BUBBLE ILLUSION!
SEE, WHEN BUBBLE MAN
IS ON THE FIELD
AND I USE THIS,
I CAN PLAY A TRAP,
AND IT COMES STRAIGHT
FROM MY HAND.
AND I'LL CHOSE
THIS ONE--
HERO'S RULE ONE,
FIVE FREEDOMS.
FIVE TRAPS NOW LEAVE
THE GRAVEYARD.
THEY WHAT?
THAT'S RIGHT,
REMOVED FROM THE GAME.
SO GO AHEAD AND SAY
ALL YOUR GOODBYES.
WELL DONE. WITH THOSE
TRAPS NOW GONE,
URIA'S ATTACK POINTS
WILL GO DOWN DRAMATICALLY.
YEAH, A THOUSAND
PER TRAP CARD,
WHICH MEANS URIA'S
NEW ATTACK POINTS WILL BE--
ZERO, NOTHING,
A BIG FAT GOOSE EGG.
ALL RIGHT!
NOW NEO BUBBLEMAN'S
GOT THE EDGE
IN THIS FIGHT.
SO GO!
LET HIM HAVE IT!
AH!
AAH!
GRR!
YOU'RE ONLY POSTPONING
THE INEVITABLE!
YOU CAN'T STOP
THE BEASTS,
ESPECIALLY WITH THIS.
WELL DONE. WITH THOSE
TRAPS NOW GONE,
URIA'S ATTACK POINTS
WILL GO DOWN DRAMATICALLY.
I PLAY
RESURRECTION TRIBUTE.
NOW, SINCE MY MONSTER
WAS DESTROYED,
I CAN DESTROY
ONE OF YOURS,
MEANING THAT BUBBLEMAN
WILL NOW BURST.
AH!
BUT THERE'S MORE, JADEN.
I ALSO GET TO SUMMON
BACK A MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVE TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
SO RISE AGAIN, HAMON!
AND NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
URIA'S SPECIAL EFFECT
BY DISCARDING A TRAP
FROM MY HAND.
WELL, THEN,
URIA, RESURRECT!
[GASPS]
[ROAR]
OH, GREAT.
NOT AGAIN.
AND THEN I'LL
ACTIVATE THE SPELL...
PHANTASMAL MARTYRS!
WHEN URIA AND HAMON
ARE BOTH OUT,
I CAN SEND TWO CARDS
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD,
AND THEN I CAN SUMMON
THREE OF THESE--
PHANTASMAL MARTYR TOKENS!
AND SINCE HE SENT THE TRAP CARD
DIVINE WRATH TO THE GRAVE,
URIA'S DEFENSE POINTS
INCREASE TO 2,000.
JUST LIKE THAT,
MY TWO BEASTS ARE OUT AGAIN.
IT'S LIKE YOU'RE BACK
WHERE YOU STARTED,
BUT YOU'RE NOT,
BECAUSE NOW
I'M SACRIFICING
THE THREE PHANTASMAL TOKENS
AND SUMMONING
MY LAST SACRED BEAST.
SO, YOU SEE, THINGS
ARE NOT THE SAME.
THEY'RE MUCH,
MUCH WORSE!
[SHOUTING]
BEHOLD RAVIEL,
LORD OF PHANTASMS!
OK. DEFINITELY
NOT FRIENDLY.
NOT GOOD. HE'S GATHERED
ALL THREE OF THEM OUT AT ONCE.
WHAT THE...
THE CARDS!
[WHIMPERING]
[SOBBING]
ALL OUR CARDS!
THEY'RE VANISHING!
HUH?
OJAMA YELLOW!
HA HA HA! YES.
COME TO ME. COME TO ME!
COME TO ME!
THAT'S FREAKY.
OH, MY! WHY,
IT'S AS THOUGH
KAGEMARU IS SOMEHOW ABSORBING
DUEL MONSTERS
AND USING THEIR ENERGIES.
THAT'S NOT
IN THE RULES.
THE SPIRITS SENSE
YOU'RE CLOSE TO DEFEAT.
ALREADY THEY'RE SURRENDERING
THEMSELVES TO ME,
YIELDING TO ME
THEIR MIGHT
SO THAT I CAN FREE
THE THREE SACRED BEASTS
AND RULE THE WORLD
WITH A NEW LIFE
THAT WILL BE ETERNAL.
SO THEN, IF JADEN
LOSES THIS...
EVERY DUEL SPIRIT
OUT THERE
WILL BE SUCKED UP.
HMM.
SORRY, KAGEMARU,
BUT THERE'S NO WAY
THAT I'M LETTING YOU
DO THAT TO MY FRIENDS.
SPIRITS AREN'T
FOR BEING FRIENDS WITH.
THEY'RE FOR USING
TO GET WHAT YOU WANT.
AND RIGHT NOW, I'M
GOING TO USE THEM, JADEN,
TO DESTROY YOU!
TIME TO STEP UP.
MY DRAW.
I PLAY
THE SPELL CARD
DARK FACTORY
OF MASS PRODUCTION.
SO NOW I CAN TAKE
TWO MONSTERS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND ADD THEM
STRAIGHT TO MY HAND,
AND THE ONES THAT
I'M PICKING ARE...
BURSTINATRIX
AND AVIAN!
AND NEXT I'M
GOING TO PLAY THIS--
POLYMERIZATION--
TO CREATE THE ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN!
VERY WELL, BUT NOW RAVIEL'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES.
YOU SEE, WHEN YOU
SUMMON A MONSTER,
I GET TO SUMMON
A SACRED BEAST TOKEN.
HMM...WITH THE FLAME
WINGMAN OUT ON THE FIELD,
I CAN DESTROY URIA
THIS TURN,
BUT IF I DO THAT,
THOSE OTHER TWO SACRED BEASTS,
HAMON AND RAVIEL,
WILL TAKE ME OUT
NEXT TURN FOR SURE.
Voice: JADEN. JADEN.
WHO'S THERE?
PROFESSOR BANNER?
OH...
[MEOWING]
NOT NOW, PHARAOH!
JADEN, YOU MUST
USE THE CARD NOW.
BUT USE IT HOW?
THAT IS FOR YOU
TO DECIDE,
FOR YOU SEE, IT IS
ONLY AS GOOD AS ITS OWNER.
IT WILL GRANT YOU
THREE CARD COVETS.
THAT IS,
IT WILL TRANSFORM
INTO WHATEVER CARD
YOU WISH THREE TIMES.
THEN, AFTER THE THIRD COVET,
ITS TRUE POWER WILL BE REVEALED,
AND IF YOU HAVE PLAYED
YOUR CARD RIGHT, IT WILL--
HUH? OH!
[MEOWING]
SO I JUST THINK
OF A CARD I NEED?
WELL, I GUESS IT
COULDN'T HURT TO TRY.
OH, IT'S THE EXACT
CARD I WANTED.
HA! THANKS, BANNER.
ALL RIGHT,
I'M ACTIVATING
THE SPELL CARD
FUSION RECOVERY!
SO WHAT? THAT WON'T
CHANGE A THING.
IT COULD.
IT ALL JUST DEPENDS
ON HOW HE PLAYS IT.
NOW POLYMERIZATION
AND SPARKMAN
RETURN TO MY HAND
FROM THE GRAVEYARD.
NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION,
AND THAT MEANS
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN
IS CREATED!
THEN I GET ANOTHER TOKEN.
COOL, BECAUSE I GET
SOMETHING, TOO--
300 ATTACK POINTS
FOR FLARE WINGMAN
FOR EACH HERO THAT I
HAVE IN MY GRAVEYARD.
AND RIGHT NOW, THERE'S
A TOTAL OF SEVEN!
THAT CAN'T BE!
4,600 POINTS?
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND HE'S GOT
A SPECIAL ABILITY
TO BOOT.
SEE, WHEN
FLARE WINGMAN
DESTROYS A MONSTER
IN BATTLE,
HE DEALS DAMAGE
TO YOU EQUAL TO
THAT DESTROYED MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
WAIT. SO--
SO...GO AND GET HIM,
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN!
SHINING EMERALD ORB!
AAH!
AND NOW, WINGMAN,
LIGHT UP KAGEMARU
WITH YOUR SPECIAL
ABILITY!
AAH!
[GASPS]
HUH?
HA HA HA. A GOOD TRY.
BUT IF HAMON IS DESTROYED
WHILE IN DEFENSE MODE,
ALL DAMAGE TO ME
BECOMES ZERO.
OH! ALL RIGHT, HERE'S
MY SECOND CARD COVET.
OK. NOW I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
AND I'LL BEGIN MINE.
FIRST, DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF FALLEN PARADISE,
I ADD TWO EXTRA CARDS
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND.
SECOND, I'LL SWITCH URIA
FROM DEFENSE MODE
TO ATTACK MODE.
AND THEN I'LL PLAY
RAVIEL'S EFFECT
BY SACRIFICING TWO
MONSTERS ON MY FIELD.
FOR THIS TURN ONLY,
I CAN ADD
THOSE MONSTERS'
ATTACK POINTS TO RAVIEL'S.
SO THAT'S WHY
HE SUMMONED THOSE TOKENS,
TO POWER UP RAVIEL
AND POWER DOWN JADEN.
GO, RAVIEL!
CLEAN YOUR CLAWS
WITH THAT SHINING
FLARE WINGMAN!
I PLAY A FACEDOWN,
A FACEDOWN
THAT HAPPENS TO BE...
THE SECOND CARD
I WISHED FOR--
DE-FUSION!
VERY WELL, BUT DE-FUSION
COUNTS AS TWO SUMMONINGS,
WHICH MEANS TWO TOKENS.
NOW, RAVIEL, GO ON.
DESTROY THE ELEMENTAL
FLAME WINGMAN
WITH SHIMMERING SCRAPER!
AND NOW URIA WILL
FINISH OFF THE OTHER ONE.
HYPER BLAZE!
AAH!
OH, YEAH? HUH!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO CLAYMAN!
ANOTHER BEAST TOKEN
FOR ME.
ALL RIGHT, THIS IS IT--
MY LAST CARD COVET.
I PLAY MIRACLE FUSION!
WITH THIS,
I CAN TAKE MONSTERS
FROM MY FIELD AND GRAVE
AND COMBINE THEM
TO CREATE
A FUSION MONSTER.
SO I REMOVE THE BUBBLEMAN,
AVIAN, AND BURSTINATRIX
THAT ARE IN MY GRAVEYARD
AND THE CLAYMAN
THAT'S ON MY FIELD
TO SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO ELECTRUM!
ALL RIGHT, THE THIRD
CARD COVET'S BEEN USED.
TIME TO SEE WHAT THIS
THING'S TRUE POWER IS
AND TO SEE IF I'VE
PLAYED MY CARDS RIGHT.
HUH! ALL RIGHT,
NEXT I PLAY SABATIEL
THE PHILOSOPHER'S
STONE!
AND IT SAYS HERE,
WHEN IT'S EQUIPPED
ONTO ELECTRUM,
HIS ATTACK POINTS
ARE MULTIPLIED
BY THE NUMBER
OF MONSTERS
YOU HAVE
ON YOUR FIELD,
AND THAT
WOULD BE FIVE!
SO ELECTRUM'S ATTACK
POINTS ARE NOW...
14,500?
IT'S OVER.
NOW GO, HERO ELECTRUM!
SEAL HIS FATE!
AAH! AAH! AAH!
AAH!
IMPOSSIBLE! THE SACRED BEASTS
CAN'T BE DEFEATED. NO!
[GASPS]
[WHIMPERING]
WHOA!
THEY'RE BACK
TO NORMAL.
HEY, LOOK.
THEY'VE COME BACK.
TOO BAD WE CAN'T DOCK
THEM PAY FOR TIME MISSED.
YOU'RE BACK.
HEE HEE HEE!
YOU AIN'T EVER
GONNA GET RID
OF ME, BOSS.
WHAT A CARD.
WHOA.
[BANNER CHUCKLES]
I WON'T FORGET YOU,
PROFESSOR BANNER.
WHAT THE...
[GROANING]
ARE YOU...
AAH!
DEAR ME.
LOOK AT HIM!
WOW.
IT'S TRUE.
I'M AN OLD MAN,
WANTING SIMPLY WHAT
EVERY OLD MAN WANTS--
TO BE YOUNG AGAIN,
AND HARNESSING
THE POWER OF
THOSE SACRED BEASTS,
THAT WAS THE ONLY WAY
I FOUND TO DO IT.
YEAH, AND TO TAKE OVER
THE WORLD.
CAN'T YOU FORGIVE
A DECREPIT OLD SOUL
HIS DELUSIONS
OF GRANDEUR?
YEAH, I GUESS,
BUT DON'T YOU SEE,
OLD-TIMER?
STEALING POWER
FROM SOMETHING OR SOMEONE
ISN'T ANY WAY
TO FEEL ALIVE AGAIN.
YOU'VE GOT TO FIND
THE STRENGTH IN YOURSELF.
I CAN'T. IT'S
TOO LATE FOR THAT.
IT'S NEVER TOO LATE.
COME ON.
TRY AND GET UP.
RIGHT NOW,
JUST GO FOR IT!
GIVE IT YOUR ALL!
YEAH! GREAT!
[MUTTERING]
HEY, LOOK. I'M STANDING.
HMM.
IT MUST HAVE BEEN
OUR DUEL.
YES, THAT'S IT.
ALL THE EXCITEMENT
PUT THE SPRING
BACK IN MY STEP.
THANK YOU.
SURE!
[GROANING]
I GUESS BEAR HUGS
AND OLD PEOPLE
DON'T GO
SO WELL TOGETHER.
HEY, YOU MAY HAVE BRUISED
A FEW OF HIS RIBS,
BUT I BET HIS HEART
IS ALL HEALED UP.
HA. SOME BRUISED RIBS?
HE'S LUCKY
THAT'S ALL HE GOT,
AFTER ALL THAT HE'S
PUT US THROUGH.
LATER, KAGEMARU!
GET WELL SOON...
I GUESS.
IT'S OVER.
AND IT'S GOING TO
STAY OVER.
FROM NOW ON,
THE SACRED BEASTS
WILL BE UNDER MY GUARD
AND MINE ALONE!
SURE IS GOING TO BE
QUIET AROUND HERE NOW.
I WOULDN'T BE
SO SURE.
YOU SEE,
NEXT WEEK ARE
THE DUEL ACADEMY
PROMOTION EXAMS.
PROMOTION
EXAMS?!
I TOTALLY
FORGOT. OH!
PATHETIC.
SAVING THE WORLD
IS ONE THING,
BUT MAKING
THE GRADE...
NOT REALLY JADEN'S
CUP OF TEA.
THAT'S TRUE.
BETTER GET
STUDYING.
[CRYING]